[Music]
nine of the most vicious spiders in the
world very few people like spiders
even the smallest ones can be quite
scary well at least they're harmless
right not really some of them can not
only give you nightmares
but also guarantee you a trip to the
hospital or even heavier consequences
but what are these highly poisonous
spiders and how can you protect yourself
don't worry we have all the answers but
before you meet the most dangerous
spiders in the world click Subscribe and
turn on this little notification bell
there you go now you won't miss any of
the fun that happens daily on the bright
side of life number 9
yellow sac spider share a can theum
inclusion or simply yellow sac is a
spider with a yellow beige abdomen its
size ranges from point 11 inches to 0.39
inches and it is considered to be
responsible for the majority of bites in
the world needless to say it's bites are
quite painful and its venom is necrotic
it basically damages and kills skin
tissue as a result your skin begins to
itch and swell as for their hunting
technique they're not content with just
catching their prey within a web they
actually hunt for them at nighttime
thankfully they don't necessarily want
to be around people but you might come
across them while gardening or when in
their preferred habitat if you want to
minimize any chances of meeting a yellow
sac be sure to seal all of the holes
cracks and gaps in your home's doors
windows and foundations now those yellow
sacs definitely won't get you number 8
red back spider it's not hard to
recognize the red back spider
latrodectus has cell t it has a black
body with a bright red stripe on the
upper side of its abdomen if you live in
Australia in Southeast Asia or New
Zealand you have a good chance of
running into it don't worry though
Redback spiders aren't naturally
aggressive
usually don't attack people on the spot
unless they're provoked however they are
still responsible for the majority of
serious spider bites in Australia its
female red backs you should stay away
from
since the males are way too tiny to
seriously harm anyone
females can reach a size of 0.39 inches
and their venom is extremely toxic it
affects your system slowly causing
severe pain nausea and muscle weakness
if you are bitten use an ice pack for
first-aid and visit the hospital right
away
number seven Chinese a bird spider the
Chinese bird spider or cryopak opus
Schmidty is one of the largest Asian
spiders to be found in China where it
tops the list of the most venomous
spiders and Vietnam it has a dark yellow
brown body and reaches around eight
inches in size Chinese bird spiders
usually live in burrows and emerge only
to find prey their venom is called
neurotoxin and it makes the spiders
victims incapable of moving plus it's so
deadly that even minimal doses of it can
be enough for small mammals Chinese bird
spiders aren't big fans of people either
if disturbed they will act aggressively
invite you if this happens go to the
hospital as quickly as you can if left
untreated a Chinese bird spiders bite
can lead to all kinds of awful
consequences number 6 brown recluse
spider
Laxus Kelly's reclusa also known as the
brown recluse spider is one of the most
poisonous spiders in the entire world
these guys reach up to 0.7 9 inches and
love to hide in dark and warm places
especially behind furniture well we
don't know about you but we're
definitely checking all the corners of
our house right after this video anyway
brown recluse spider venom is necrotic
and can easily destroy the walls of
blood vessels near the bite a victim may
end up developing an ulcer on their skin
that can take a couple of months to heal
in the most severe cases the bite can
become infected and as you can probably
guess it won't be pretty
the best course of action would be to
wash the bite with soap as soon as
possible
elevate the bitten area apply a cold
compress and visit the doctor
immediately number five
Chilean recluse spider while we're on
the topic of recluse spiders let's meet
another one Laxus Kellis later or the
Chilean recluse spider these guys
usually reach one and a half inches in
size and they like to chill out in South
America Chile Peru Argentina and Brazil
in general Chilean recluse spiders don't
show any particular signs of aggression
toward people nevertheless they can bite
when pressed against human skin after
that possible symptoms may vary from
simple skin irritation to death of skin
and other cells don't forget that a
first aid kit should include an ice pack
in aloe vera which will be useful for
the bite these measures will help to at
least relieve the pain while on the way
to the hospital
number four black widow spider how can
we forget about the most popular and
well-known spider out there you may know
it as the Black Widow but its scientific
name is electrode ectis and it forms a
whole genus of spiders that can be found
all across the world the black widows
body can vary from point one to inches
two point three nine inches in length
and just like pretty much all other
spider groups female black widows rule
the spider world reaching an impressive
0.51 inches but their venom is one of a
kind - it contains electro toxin making
the black widows bite incredibly
dangerous but according to reports the
situation is even more dramatic
apparently a black widows venom is 15
times stronger than a rattlesnakes
however there are three simple factors
that determine how harmful the bite will
be the dose of the venom the person's
physical condition and their age of
course children and seniors are at the
top of the danger list but the
statistics are quite optimistic and most
people who are bitten end up not needing
medical treatment still they have to
deal with muscle pain
cramps and muscle spasms that last from
three days up to several weeks number
three Sydney funnel-web spider Australia
is widely known to be a home for tons of
dangerous creatures and the Sydney
funnel-web spider attracts robustus is
certainly one of the scariest the length
of its body ranges from point four
inches to two inches and they can be
very frequent guests of your pool or
garage interestingly general spider
world rules don't apply to Sydney
funnel-web spiders since it's the males
who are most active and in charge here
their bites are extremely painful thanks
to the acidic ph of their venom plus
their fangs have no problem penetrating
human skin the good news is that as soon
as you get to the hospital you'll
receive an antidote but don't let that
calm you down the Sydney funnel-web
venom takes a toll on your body very
quickly so the earlier you get to this
antidote the better number26 side sand
spider let's take a little break from
all those extremely dangerous spiders
and just look at the way this spider
buries itself kind of cute right well it
was actually heck so forth Alma the 6
side sand spider getting ready to catch
its prey this spiders body can reach up
to 0.6 inches in length and its legs are
usually about two inches long six-eyed
sand spiders aren't that aggressive
either but if they decide to attack it's
better to run away as quickly as
possible since toxicology studies show
that this spider's venom is the most
poisonous out of any spider six-eyed
sand spiders prefer to live in deserts
so they don't bite people often however
some cases revealed that their venom
generates the accidental death of cells
resulting in the destruction of blood
vessels and tissue just like with any
other spider bite the earlier you get to
the hospital the easier recovery will be
number one Brazilian Wandering Spider
the spider with a poetic name of
Phoneutria
Brazilian Wandering Spider is definitely
not to be messed around
with not only is it naturally aggressive
but it's also not one inch or two inch
but six inches in size these guys mainly
live in tropical South America but
sometimes they can be found in Central
America as well in general resilient
wandering spiders are lazy throughout
the day and prefer to start their quest
to find prey at night and believe us if
you come across this spider you surely
won't forget it
their venom contains neurotoxins that
generate loss of muscle control and
respiratory distress
all of this accompanied by extreme pain
and nausea can lead to full-fledged
cardiac paralysis of course medical
attention is absolutely necessary here
so you should visit the doctor right
away
but let's hope we never meet any of
these guys face to face so what do you
think which one of these spiders scares
you the most
tell us in the comments below while
you're at it don't forget to hit the
like button and share this video with
your friends and for more bright sides
informative and exciting videos just
click Subscribe and join the family
until next time